{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This folder contains two builds of our app. \
\
The one titled \'91WeatherReader\'92 is the build which is not integrated with the Philips Hue API. This app pulls data from the RSS server of a weather website and displays the information we chose for it to display. It basically obtains the string which summarizes the day in a paragraph for example: \'93The day will be partly cloudy\'85\'94 after this, it searches the string for words such as \'91cloudy\'92 or \'91sunny\'92 or \'91clear\'92 or \'91rainy\'92 and if there is an instance of said words in the string; it returns a specific color to the screen.\
\
Our idea was basically exactly what I mentioned above, with the difference being that the instance of words in the string was supposed to push a command to the Philips Hue Lamp and change its color. \
\
The one titled \'91QuickStartApp\'92 is the one which tries to address the aspiration mentioned above. It is the file we were directed to download in our canvas tutorial (RESTful programming with Hue) with the code from our main app integrated into it. This is when all hell broke lose :P and we got bombarded with one error after the other. \
\
### Alas our efforts weren\'92t enough and its past 11:30 as I type this. I\'92m happy with the attempt we made. We got a part of the idea working. And its times like these when I use quotes like \'93something is better than nothing\'94 in my favor ahahah.\
\
Written by Pranav Mital, so please direct any questions towards me as I might\'92ve made errors while explaining.}